docs(deprecations): fix some typos in Scheduler Argument (#7119)
ReactiveX/rxjs: docs_app/content/deprecations/scheduler-argument.md

## How to Refactor

> If you use any operator from the list above and also use the `scheduler` argument, you have three potential refactoring options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use any operator from the above list and you're passing the `scheduler` argument, you have three potential refactoring options.
```

Author: Just applied changes
